what's up guys this is GT fans 7:12 back
with another sneaker review video and
this time it's another multicolored
Flyknit on the Nike Flyknit trainer
model that are listed as black white
blue glow and volt and the retail price
is 150 dollars now let's get into the
shoe beginning with the lateral side you
can see the multicolored Flyknit upper
which combines pink blue glow and volt
to create a variety of shades throughout
the upper although the colors are
similar to what was used on the
multicolored Flyknit racer the weave is
much more uniform on the trainer at the
center of the lateral side is a white
swoosh which covers black flat wire
housings and the blue glow fly wire
which run from the sole through the
eyelets lastly the midsole is black
under the forefoot white under the heel
with stripe of blue glow in between the
medial side is symmetrical to the
lateral side at the back of the shoe you
can see the multicolored Flyknit upper
wrapping around the heel behind a black
heel pull tab which features reflective
3m strips all atop a black blue glow and
white midsole at the top of the shoe you
can see the multicolored Flyknit upper
blue glow fly wire composes the eyelets
which hold black flat cotton laces not
ribbon laces over a black knit tone at
the top of the tongue is a black and
white Nike Flyknit trainer tongue tag
lastly the inner lining is black and the
insole is blue glow the outsole of the
shoe is composed of a black rubber with
exposed white foam cushioning and that
will wrap up the review portion of this
video I'll give you guys some detailed
shots of the shoes now and then I'll
lace them up and we'll see how they look
on feet
and that's it for this review of the
multicolored Nike Flyknit trainer
although I prefer the sporadic upper of
the multicolored Flyknit racer the more
uniform combination of pink blue and
volt on the trainer creates an equally
eye-popping upper that is wearable
year-round until next time just stay
tuned to my channel for more quick looks
and video reviews of shoes I have in my
collection as well as pickups I'll be
getting in the future but until then
this has been GT fans 712 thanks for
watching